freedom struggle

In this chapter we learn about the following:

• Indian National Congress
 • Moderate, militant and revolutionary
 Non-cooperation movement, civil disobedience movement, Quit India Movement
 • Protest of farmers and labourers
 Subhash Chandra Bose, Dr. B.R. Ambedkar, Jawaharlal Nehru and Mohammad Ali Jinnah
 • Partition of India

There were many examples of opposition to the establishment of British rule in India. 
Many kings fought wars against the British, all were in their own interests. 
Many changes and effective reforms were brought about in 1857 after the First War of Independence in transport and communication, journalism, the establishment of organizations, and changes in administration saw people joining in huge numbers in many provinces. 
Lord Liton brought the 'Household Paper Control Act' in 1878 to bring uniformity in the judicial system to establish control over Indian publications and Lord Ripon. 
Some organizations tried to oppose it in Europe and succeeded.

The freedom struggle assumed a distinctive direction as a result of the protests throughout the country. 
The British adopted certain rules and strategies to avoid armed conflict. As a result, the British government declared supremacy of the Empress in 1858, and declared that the Indians were British citizens.
By this move the British government announced the provision of better facilities to Indians. In later developments, the elite new generation who learned English began to struggle for their rights in constitutional ways. 
This led to the establishment of the Indian National Congress.

Indian National Congress

From the time of Raja Ram Mohan Roy, the people of India were getting ready to face new challenges in the minds of the middle class. 
For this, many organizations were established across the country. Among them, 'The Hindu Mela', 'The East India Association', 'Poona Sarvajanik Sabha' and 'The Indian Association' were prominent. 
They had limited scope and interests. 
They were waiting for national level integration to happen at an appropriate time. 
Such an all-India organization got the opportunity to organize. In 1885, a retired British officer, A.O. Hume, founded the Indian National Congress. 
Worked towards creating political awareness and nationalist attitude.

Despite the diversity in India, the Indian National Congress struggled to instill a sense of patriotism in Indians. 
As a result, the people became aware of the political situation and its problems. 
The British realized the growing power of the Congress and began to implement its 'divide and rule' policy. 
Through their manipulative technique, he separated Hindus and Muslims. 
Despite this, the Indian National Congress was able to prepare a positive plan of work related to national issues.

By the end of the 19th century, differences emerged in the Indian National Congress. After being adopted by them based on the type of action plan, trust and conflict, they were identified as moderates and militants.

Phase I :  Liberals (1885 – 1906)

Traditionally, the first 20 years of Congress have been called the beginning of 'middle age'. 
Among the moderates, M.G. Ranade, Surendranath Banerjee, Dadabhai Naoroji and Gopalkrishna Gokhale were prominent. 
Moderates trusted the British administration and their impartiality. 
They held their place before the government requests and appeals within the constitutional framework. 
The moderates taught people political conditions. 
They held meetings, discussed problems and put before the government various demands related to the development of industry, reduction in military spending, improvement standards in education, forcing the British government to study about poverty in the country etc.

Gopalkrishna Gokhale
Dadabhai Naoroji