THE FREEDOM STRUGGLE  

We learn about the following in this chapter:

  Indian National Congress
 •  Moderates, Extremists and Revolutionaries 
 •  Non-cooperation  Movement,  Civil  Disobedience  Movement, Quit India movement 
 •  Farmers’ and workers’ protests
 •  Subhash  Chandra  Bose,  Dr.B.R.Ambedkar,  Jawaharlal  Nehru and Mohammad Ali Jinnah
 •  Partition of India

There  were  many  instances  of  protest  against  the  establishment  of British rule in India. 
The wars fought by many kings against the British were all in their own self-interest. 
After the First War of Independence in 1857, many changes and effective reforms were brought improvements in transport and communication, journalism, establishment of organizations, and changes in administration saw people getting engaged in huge numbers in many provinces. 
Lord Lytton brought in ‘Domestic Papers Control Act’ in 1878 to exercise control over the Indian publications, and Lord Rippon brought in ‘Ilbert Bill’ to bring in uniformity in the judicial system. 
Certain organizations tried to protest against this in Europe and were successful.

     The freedom struggle assumed a specific direction as a result of protests all over the country.
To avoid armed struggle, the British adopted certain strategies. Consequently, the British Government declared the supremacy of the Queen in 1858, and announced that Indians were British citizens. 
Through  this  step,  the  British  government  declared  provision  of  better amenities  to  Indians.  In  the  subsequent  developments,  the aristocratic new generation  who learnt English, started fighting for their rights in a constitutional manner. 
This led to the establishment of Indian National 

Indian National Congress

Right from the time of Raja Ram Mohan Roy, the minds of middle class people of India were getting prepared to face new challenges. 
Towards this end, many organizations were established throughout the country. Among them, ‘The Hindu Mela’, ‘The East India Association’, ‘Poona Sarvajanik Sabha’  and  ‘The  Indian  Association’  were  prominent.  
They  had  limited scope and interests.
They were waiting for a national level integration to happen at an appropriate time. 
An opportunity came handy for organizing such an all Indian organization.  In the year 1885, a retired English officer, A.O.Hume established the Indian National Congress.
 It worked towards creating political awareness and nationalist attitude.

In spite of the diversity in India, the Indian National Congress struggled to kindle the patriotic feelings of Indians.
As  a  result,  the people became aware of the political situation and its problems. 
The British realized the growing strength of the Congress and started implementing  its ‘Divide and Rule’ policy. 
They separated Hindus and Muslims through their manipulative techniques. 
In spite of this, the Indian National Congress was able to formulate positive plans of action related to national issues.

By  the  end  of  the  19th  century,  differences  surfaced  in  the  Indian National Congress. Based on the plan of action, beliefs and type of struggle adopted by them, they were identified as moderates and extremists.

First Phase : Moderates (1885 - 1906)

 Traditionally, the first 20 years of the beginning  of  Congress  are  called  the ‘Moderate  Age’. 
Among  the  moderates, M.G.Ranade,  Surendranath  Bannerjee, Dadabhai  Naoroji  and  Gopalakrishna Gokhale were prominent. 
The moderates trusted  the  British  administration  and their impartiality. 
They used to place their requests and appeals before the government within the constitutional framework. 
The moderates taught people about political  situations.  
They  conducted  meetings,  discussed  problems  and placed before the government various requests related to development of industries,  reduction  of  military  expenses,  improvement  in  educational standards, forcing the British government to take up studies about poverty in the country etc.            

Gopalakrishna Gokhale
Dadabhai Naoroji