The First War
Indian Independence (1857)

In this chapter we will learn about the following:

• Reasons for the First War of Independence
• Immediate causes of the revolt
• The spread of the rebellion and its nature
• The failure of the rebellion and its consequences

The British had the intention of extending their rule in India and delayed the introduction of the Subsidy Alliance and the Doctrine of Doctrine.
Many provinces came under the control of the British under these rules. 
The Indians were disturbed by this. 
They were dissatisfied with the British rule as well. 
This discontent emerged as a major rebellion in 1857. 
Some Indians called it the 'First War of Independence', while British historians called it the 'Sepoy Mutiny'.

The reasons for the first war of independence were:

Political reasons: Many states have lost their lives Do you know this:
Rights are a lacuna brought in by the British because of the Doctrine Declaration.
Satara, Jaipur, Jhansi, Udaipur and other kingdoms came under British control. Dalhousie abolished the royal titles of the Nawabs of Tanjur and Karnataka. 
Mughal Sultans, Nawab of Oudh and other kings were stripped of their royal status.
As a result, there were millions of soldiers who depended on these kings and became unemployed.
This led to strong protests against the British in 1857.

DO C T R I N E O F L A P S E :
Doctrine of Lapse: It was the policy established during the British rule by Lord Dalhousie. 
According to this policy, an Indian king could not transfer himself in the absence of his adopted kingdom in which children were natural heirs. 
Thus, their kingdom came naturally during the British rule.

Economic Reasons: Due to the Industrial Revolution in England, the Indian handicrafts and cottage industries suffered heavy losses. 
Instead England became a trading country, a centre of industries. 
Indian artisans became unemployed. 
Primarily, the textile and woollen industries became sick and people lost their jobs. 
Cottage industries were also damaged in a deadly blow. 
The British imposed heavy taxes on the sale of Indian goods in England. 
Due to the zamindari system, the zamindars behave as commission agents between the government and the farmers, the farmers who have been exploited. 
The right given to taluks to collect taxes has been withdrawn. 
A 'Inam Commission' was appointed and all contribution land ('Inam lands') was taken back. 
Due to this, the farmers are facing humiliation and humiliation due to many economic problems. 
This also led to a revolt against the farmers by the government.

Administrative reasons: The British enacted new civil and criminal laws. 
These were applicable only to Indians. 
English became the language of the courts. 
Most of the time British judges tended to be British.
 The new rules were not understood by ordinary people.

Military Reasons: The condition of Indian soldiers in the British Army was pathetic. 
The status, salary and promotion opportunities did not give the Indian soldiers the experience experienced by the British soldiers. 
Religious compulsion hurt the sentiments of Indian soldiers to cross the oceans to serve on foreign land.

The eruption of the rebellion and its spread:

Most of the Indian soldiers in the British army could drive the British out of India if they believed in it and fought together. 
At that time, the soldiers were given new rifles called 'Royal Enfield'. 
A rumour spread among soldiers that the cartridges used in these rifles were greased with the fat of cows and pigs. 
Although the cow was sacred to Hindus, the pigs blamed the Muslims. 
This incident happened immediately and led to the rebellion.

The rumour spread among the armed forces in Barrackpore led to an intensification of discontent. 
When the British officers ordered the Indian soldiers to pull the safety catch with the help of their teeth, the soldiers rejected it and rebelled against the order and their superiors. 
At this point an Indian soldier named Gal Pandey killed a British officer. 
Subsequently, they were arrested, tried and hanged.
Meerut was a powerful military base of the British. 
When the British ordered Indian soldiers to use Greek cartridges, the soldiers refused to implement the order. 
The soldiers were arrested. 
As a result, there was a revolt in Meerut. 
Indian soldiers barged into the jail and released the soldiers who were in jail there. 
It became the spark that led to the fire of the freedom struggle. 
Later, a team of soldiers left for Delhi from Meerut. 
They laid siege to the Red Fort and proclaimed the Mughal king, Bahadur Shah II, as the Emperor of India. 
Soldiers Protesting From Reached Delhi In Different Parts Of India. 
As a result, the protest became serious. 
It spread like wildfire to Kanpur and Jhansi.

Nana Saheb held a protest in Kanpur. 
Tatya Tope was his assistant. 
In Jhansi, there was a rebellion under the leadership of Rani Laxmibai. 
Tatya Tope came to Jhansi from the hands of the British when Kanpur fell and helped the Queen.

Thatya Tope

In Lucknow too, there was a rebellion. 
Eventually, Lucknow was captured by the British. 
The war spread to the south of the River Yamuna. 
As a result, Jhansi was encouraged by soldiers inside. 
Rani Laxmibai of Jhansi, angered by the Doctrine of Lapse, declared war on the British. 
She tied her adopted son to her back and fought in battle. 
She took control of Gwalior. When
There was war again with the British, the Queen put her under her life. 
Even today, the Queen occupies a pride

Queen of Jhansi
Laxmibai

Place in the history of the freedom struggle.

The reasons for the failure of the rebellion are:

The First War of Independence of 1857 failed due to various reasons.
The movement did not spread to the entire country. 
This Struggle Was Aimed At Protecting The Interests Of Some Instead Of Gaining Independence The Country. 
Rather than organized struggle, the outbreak occurred due to some unexpected reasons. 
The lack and lack of unity among the British forces led to the failure even among the Indian soldiers. 
There was no proper direction or proper leadership. 
There was also a lack of technique.
Expertise in soldiers, effective leadership, discipline and direction.
Many provincial kings, due to their loyalty to the British, did not support the struggle. 
Because of this people have lost faith in the soldiers and their fire and loot.

Consequences of the mutiny:

The freedom struggle ended the rule of the East by the India Company, and the administration was entrusted to the Queen of England. 
The Responsibility Of Administration Was Handed Over To The Secretary Of Indian Affairs In The British Parliament. 
In 1858, the Queen declared England. 
This declaration is called 'Magna Carta' which belongs to India. 
The following elements are included in it:

• Treaties signed by the East India Company with the kings were accepted.
• Ambitious expansion plans had to be dropped.
• A stable government was to be provided to Indians.
• There will be equality before the law.
• The government demonstrates religious tolerance and does not interfere in the religious affairs of the country.

The British realised that peaceful governance was not possible without the support, trust and confidence of the Indians. 
It gives a new path to the Indian independence movement. 
Indians understood the inevitability of finding alternative ways of gaining independence from the British.

I will fill in the blanks with the appropriate words:

Exercises

1. British historians refer to the revolt of 1857 as ____ .

2. The policy implemented by Dalhousie was ________ .

3. _______ killed a British Major during the revolt of 1857.

4. The Queen of Jhansi fought against the British and took control of __ .
Discuss and answer the following in groups II:

1. What are the effects of Doctrine of Lapse? Analyze.

2. The economic changes of that period led to 1857

Rebellion. How to?

3. What are the factors that disturb religious sentiments?

Soldiers during the Revolt of 1857?

4. What were the immediate reasons for the First War of Independence?

5. Make a list of the reasons for the failure of the revolt.

6. What are the features of the Declaration of the British Queen?

1858?

III Activities:

1. On the Map of India, mark the captured states

The British with the help of the Doctrine of Lapse.

2. Organize a discussion on "The Revolt of 1857 was the first war" 

freedom". 