THE FIRST WAR OF  
INDIAN INDEPENDENCE (1857)

We learn about the following in this chapter:

•  Causes for the First War of Independence
•  Immediate causes for the revolt
•  Spread of the revolt and its nature
•  Failure of the revolt and its effects

With  the  objective  of  expanding  their  rule  in  India,  the  British  had brought  into  force  the  Doctrine  of  Subsidiary  Alliance  and  Doctrine  of Lapse. 
Many  provinces  came  into  the  control  of  the  British  because  of these rules. 
As a result, Indians were upset. 
They were dissatisfied with the British administration too. 
This dissatisfaction surfaced as a major revolt in 1857. 
While some Indians called this ‘The First War of Independence’, British historians called it as ‘The Sepoy Mutiny’.    

Causes for the First War of Independence:

Political causes: Many kingdoms lost their  Do you know this: rights due to the promulgation of Doctrine of Lapse brought about by the British. 
Satara, Jaipur, Jhansi, Udaipur and other kingdoms came  under  British  control.  
Dalhousie cancelled the princely titles of the Nawabs of Tanjore and Carnatic kingdoms. 
The Moghul sultans, the Nawab of Oudh and other kings were  stripped  of  their  kingly  status. 
Consequently,  lakhs  of  soldiers  who  were dependent on these kings, became unemployed. 
This became a strong cause for the protest of 1857 against the British.

D o c t r i n e   o f   L a p s e   : 
Doctrine  of  Lapse:  This policy  was  established by  Lord  Dalhousie  during British  rule. 
According to  this  policy,  an  Indian king could not transfer his kingdom  to  his  adopted children  in  the  absence  of natural  heirs.  
Thus,  his kingdom  came  naturally under British rule.

Economic  causes: Due to the industrial revolution in England, Indian handicrafts and cottage industries suffered heavily. 
England, instead of being a trading country, became a hub of industries. 
The Indian craftsmen became  unemployed.  
Primarily,  the  textile  and  wool  industries  became sick  and  people  lost  their  jobs.  
The  cottage  industries  too  suffered  a death  blow.  
The  British  imposed  a  heavy  tax  on  sale  of  Indian  goods in  England.  
Because  of  the  zamindari  system,  the  landlords,  acting  as commission agents between the Government and the farmers, exploited the farmers. 
The right given to the taluks to collect tax was withdrawn. 
An ‘Inam Commission’ was appointed and all the gifted lands (‘Inam lands’) were taken back. 
Due to this, the farmers felt insulted and experienced many financial problems. 
This too led to the revolt of farmers against the government.

Administrative  causes:  The  British  brought  into  force  new  civil  and criminal laws. 
These were applicable only to Indians. 
English became the language of the courts. 
Most of the time the British judges favoured the British. 
The new rules were not understood by the common people.

Military causes: The condition of the Indian soldiers in the British army was  pathetic.  
The  status,  salary  and  opportunities  for  promotion  that British soldiers enjoyed were not given to Indian soldiers. 
The religious sentiments of the Indian soldiers were disturbed when they were forced to cross the oceans to serve on a foreign land.

Eruption of the Revolt and its spread:

Most of the Indian soldiers in the British army believed that if they fought together, they could drive away the British from India. 
At that time, the soldiers were being given new rifles called ‘Royal Enfield’. 
A rumour spread among the soldiers that the cartridges used in these rifles were greased with the fat of cow and pigs. 
While cows were sacred to the Hindus, pigs were blasphemous for Muslims. 
This incident became the immediate cause for the revolt.   

The rumour that spread in the army troops at Barackpur led to severe dissatisfaction. 
When the British officers ordered the Indian soldiers to pull the safety catch with the help of their teeth, the soldiers rejected the command and revolted against their superiors. 
At this juncture, an Indian soldier named Mangal Pandey killed a British official. 
Subsequently, he was arrested, tried and hanged.
Meerut  was  a  strong  military  base  of  the  British.  
When  the  British ordered  the  Indian  soldiers  to  use  the  greased  cartridges,  the  soldiers refused to carry out the order. 
The soldiers were imprisoned. 
As a result, there was a revolt in Meerut. 
Indian soldiers rushed into the prison and released the soldiers jailed there. 
This became the spark that led to the fire of the War of Independence. 
Later, the group of soldiers went to Delhi from Meerut. 
They laid siege on the Red Fort and declared the Moghul king, Bahadur Shah II as the Emperor of India. 
Protesting soldiers from different parts of India reached Delhi. 
Consequently, the protest became serious. 
It spread like wild fire to Kanpur and Jhansi.

In Kanpur, Nana Saheb rose in protest.
Tatya Tope was his assistant.
In Jhansi, a revolt took place under the leadership of Queen Laxmibai. 
When Kanpur fell into the hands of the British, Tatya Tope came to Jhansi to help the Queen.

Thathya Tope

     The heat of the revolt was felt in Lucknow too. 
Ultimately, Lucknow was taken over by the British. 
The war spread to the south of river Yamuna. 
As a result, the soldiers in Jhansi  felt  encouraged.  
Jhansi  Rani  Laxmibai  who  was enraged by the Doctrine of Lapse, declared war against the British. 
She tied her adopted son to her back and fought in the war. 
She took Gwalior under her control. 
When the battle  took  place  again  with  the  British,  the  Queen  laid down her life. 
Even today, the queen occupies a pride of 

Jhansi Rani 
Laxmibai

place in the history of the independence struggle.   

Reasons for failure of the revolt:

The First War of Independence of 1857 failed due to various reasons. 
The  movement  did  not  spread  to  the  whole  country.  
This  struggle  was intended to protect the interests of a few rather than getting freedom for the  country.  
Instead  of  being  an  organized  struggle,  it  erupted  due  to certain unexpected reasons. 
The unity among the British forces and lack of it among the Indian soldiers also led to the failure. 
There was no proper direction or proper leadership. 
In addition, there was a lack of strategy.Expertise  among  soldiers,  effective  leadership,  discipline  and  direction. 
Expertise  among  soldiers,  effective  leadership,  discipline  and  direction. 
Many provincial kings, on account of their loyalty to the British, did not support  the  struggle.  
The  people  lost  confidence  in  the  soldiers  due  to their  arson and looting.

Effects of the revolt:

The  freedom  struggle  put  an  end  to  the  administration  of  the  East India Company, and the administration was taken over by to the Queen of  England.  
The  administrative  responsibility  was  handed  over  to  the Secretary of Indian Affairs in the British Parliament. 
In 1858, the Queen of England made a declaration. 
This declaration has been called India’s ‘Magna Carta’. 
The following points were included in it:

•  The agreements made by the East India Company with the kings were accepted.
•  Ambitious expansion plans had to be given up.
•  A stable government had to be provided to Indians.
•  There would be equality before law.
•  The government would exhibit religious tolerance and not to interfere in religious matters of the country.

The  British  realized  that  peaceful  rule  was  not  possible  without support,  trust  and  confidence  of  the  Indians.  
This  gives  new  route  to Indian freedom movement. 
Indians understood the inevitability of finding alternative routes to obtain freedom from the British.

I  Fill in the blanks with suitable words:

EXERCISES

1.  British historians refer to the 1857 revolt as ___________.

2.  The policy brought into force by Dalhousie was _________.

3.  ______ killed the British Major during the 1857 revolt.

4.  Jhansi Rani fought aganist British and took ________ under her control.
II  Discuss the following in groups and answer them:

1.  What were the effects of the Doctrine of Lapse? Analyse.

2.  The economic changes of the time were responsible for the 1857 

revolt. How?

3.  What were the factors that disturbed the religious sentiments of 

the soldiers during the 1857 revolt?

4.  What were the immediate causes for the First War of Independence?

5.  Make a list of the reasons for the failure of the revolt.

6.  What were the features of the declaration of the British Queen in 

1858?

III  Activities:

1.  On the Indian map, mark the kingdoms which were taken over by 

the British with the help of the Doctrine of Lapse.

2.  Organise  a  debate  on  “The  1857  revolt  was  the  First  War  of 

Independence”. 