Acids, basics

You learned sour and bitter in your previous classes that the taste of food is caused by acids and alkalis, respectively.

If someone in the family suffers from acidity problem, eating too much, you recommend lemon as a remedy among the following juice, vinegar or baking soda solution?

Of course you should have used your knowledge of competence acids and bases will inactivate each other.

You already know that acids change sour taste and color from blue litmus to red, whereas, the bases are bitter and change color red litmus blue. 
Litmus is a natural indicator, yellow is another such an indicator. 
Have you noticed that there is a curry stain on a white cloth?
When the cloth is washed a lot it turns yellow again water. 
You can also use artificial indicators such as methyl oranges phenolphthalene to test forenacits and bases.

In this chapter, we will study the reactions of acids and sites, and how acids and bases cancel out the effects of others and many are interesting things we use and see in our daily lives.

The solution is a purple dye that is extracted from a plant called lichen.
During litmus the solution is neither acidic nor fundamental, its color is purple. 
There are many more natural materials such as red cabbage leaves, yellow, colored petals of some flowers hydrangea, petunia and geranium, which indicates the presence of acid or basal in a solution. 
These are called acid-based indicators or sometimes simply indicators.

Do you know?

question

You have been provided with three test tubes. 
There is one of them distilled water and the other two contain acidic solution and base solution, respectively. 
What would it be like to give only red litmus paper, how do you identify the content of each test tube?

Understanding the chemical properties of acids and basics

Acids and basics in the laboratory

There are some substances that change the smell azil IC or basic media. 
These are called olfactory indicators. 
Let's try some of these indicators.

18 Science

Wash both fabric strips with water and check their smell again.
Listen to your observations.

Now take some diluted vanilla essence and clove oil and check them out smell.

Take a little diluted HCl solution in a test tube and dilute the NaOH solution in the other. 
Add a few drops of diluted vanilla essences two test tubes and shake well. 
Check the foul smell once again record if there are any changes in the odour.

Similarly, check the change in the smell of clove oil with diluted HCl and dilute the NaOH solutions and record your observations.

Which of these - vanilla, onion and cloves, can be used as a fragrance indicators based on your observations?

Let's do a few more actions to understand the chemical properties of acids and basics.

How do acids and sites interact with metals?
Activity 2.3

Warning: 
This action requires the help of the teacher.
Set the machine as a showpiece in Figure 2.1.
Take about 5 ml of diluted sulphuric acid in a test tank with some zinc particles.
What do you notice on the surface of zinc particles?
Cross the gas reserve. The soap is formed by solution.
Why bubbles are formed in soap solution?

Take a burning candle near a pile of gas

What do you notice?
Repeat this activity with some more help like HCl, HNO, and CH,COOH.