Acids, Bases

You have learnt in your previous classes that the sour and bitter tastes of food are due to acids and bases, respectively, present in them.

If someone in the family is suffering from problem of acidity after overeating, which of the following would you suggest as a remedy~lemon juice, vinegar or baking soda solution?

Surely you must have used your knowledge about the ability of acids and bases to nullify each other's effect.

You already know that acids are sour in taste and change the colour of blue litmus to red, whereas, bases are bitter and change the colour of the red litmus to blue. 
Litmus is a natural indicator, turmeric is another  such indicator. 
Have you noticed thata stain of curry on a white cloth becomes reddish-brown when soap, which is basic in nature, is scrubbed on it?
It turns yellow again when the’cloth is washed with plenty of water. 
You can also use synthetic indicators such as methyl orange and phenolphthalein to test fornacids and bases.

In this Chapter, we will study the reactions of acids and bases, how acids and bases cancel outeach other's effects and many more interesting things that we use and see in our day-to-day life.

u s solution is a purple dye, which is extracted from lichen, a plant belonging to the division Thallophyta, and is commonly used as an indicator. 
When the litmus solution is neither acidic nor basic, its colour is purple. 
There are many other natural materials like red cabbage leaves, turmeric, coloured petals of some flowers such as Hydrangea, Petunia and Geranium, which indicate the presence of acid or base in a solution. 
These are called acid-base indicators or sometimes simply indicators.

Do You Know?

QUESTION

You have been provided with three test tubes. 
One of them contains distilled water and the other two contain an acidic solution and a basic solution, respectively. 
If you are given only red litmus paper, how will you identify the contents of each test tube?

2.1 UNDERSTANDING THE CHEMICAL PROPERTIES OF ACIDS AND BASES

2.1.1 Acids and Bases in the Laboratory

There are some substances whose odour changes in acidic or basic media. 
These are called olfactory indicators. 
Let us try out some of these indicators.

Science

Rinse both cloth strips with water and again check their odour.
Note your observations.

Now take some dilute vanilla essence and clove oil and check their odour.

Take some dilute HCl solution in one test tube and dilute NaOH solution in another. 
Add a few drops of dilute vanilla essence to both test tubes and shake well. 
Check the odour once again and record changes in odour, if any.

Similarly, test the change in the odour of clove oil with dilute HCl and dilute NaOH solutions and record your observations.

Which of these - vanilla, onion and clove, can be used as olfactory indicators on the basis of your observations?

Let us do some more activities to understand the chemical properties of acids and bases.

2.1.2 How do Acids and Bases Reactwith Metals?
Activity 2.3

CAUTION: 
This activity needs the teacher's assistance.
Set the apparatus as showf in Fig. 2.1.
Take about 5 mL of dilut€é sulphuric acid in a test tube few pieces of zinc granules to it. 
What do you observe on the surface of zinc granules?
Evolved ‘through the soap solution.
Why are bubbles formed, in the soap solution? 

Take a burning candle near a gas mney.

What do you observe?
Repeat this Activity with some more aids like HCl, HNO, and CH,COOH.