Lesson 2
Bases and Acids

You have learned in your previous lessons that the sourness of food and the bad taste are caused by the bad taste in it.

If anyone in the family eats too much and is affected by acidity, you will be diagnosed with acidity by using vinegar or baking soda in the background.

You should definitely have used your knowledge about the movement of the waves and the waves and carried out each action.

Acids has changed the colour of the blue and the red colour of the red lily.
Vithmasura showed a natural hand and showed the other hand a yellow hand.
Did you notice that the white cloth is not used to apply the basic soap of the natural body?
When the cloth is washed in water, it turns yellow again.
To test the phonics and speeches, you can use the features of the Methyl R5 and the Pinole Phthalin.

In this chapter, we will study the many wonderful things that we use in our life and see in our life.

U.S. carousel is a type of uvra, which is separated from the lichen, and is a type of tube that is separated when pushed off, and is generally used as a target.
When the litmus carosal is not a part of the body, it is a purple color.
The red egg-shaped leaves, yellow, hydrangea, petunia and geranium-like, some flower-like, many natural ingredients, are found in a plant, or the base.
These are called basic or sometimes simple examples.

Do you know?

Question

You have been tested and tested three times.
It contains one boiling, boiling water and another two times Amila and basic lime.
How do you identify the contents of each test tube if you are given only the red litmus paper?

2.1 Understand the medical properties of the elements and the foundations.

2.1.1 The basic and basic features of the book

Some items that change the fragrance of the emerald or basic clothes are Ullana.
These are called Alpha-thrower characteristics.
Let's try to spend in these shows

18 Science

Wipe the two cloths with water to re-examine the fragrance of the fabric.
Watch your Avatanippu

Now, let's take the essence and oil of Neertha Venneela and apply it to the smell of the oil.

In a test pit, some water will take the HCL crystal and in another test pit, some OH crystal will be watered.
Some of the particles in the two test tubes are diluted with Vennyla essence to wash away the dirt.
Once again, the cloth is cleaned and any changes in the fragrance are reported.

Likewise, check your symptoms with HCL and NIOH cariesals that cause changes in the smell of the oil.

Today, vanilla, onion and lemon can be used as alfactory ingredients in the base of your recipes.

We will do some more activities to understand the natural effects of the waves and waves.

2.1.2 Who is working with the heavens and earth?
Action 2.3

Be careful
This action requires the help of the advisor
Film 2.1 to make the device a shelf
We take a small piece of sandstone about 5 mm long in a test pit and make some small holes for it.
What do you think about the rise of the Thukthanaaga Thugals?
Formed by soap crystals.
Why do the clouds form in the soapy sea?

Take the burning flame to a burning fire.

What are you watching?
We will do this operation again with the help of HCL, HNO, CH, COOH and others.