Swatantrata Sandra

In this video, we learn about the non-verbal technique.

Bhartiya Rashtriya Congress
Times Narampanthi, Ugrawadi and Krantikari
Times Asahiyog Andolan, Savinay Awagya Andolan, Bharat Choro Andolan
The opposition of farmers and workers.
Times Subhash Chandra Bose, Dobby R Ambedkar, Jawaharlal Nehru and Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
Times India's distribution.

British rule was a major example of the opposition to the establishment.
Many kings fought against the British in their own ways.
After the first independence, many changes and influence were brought into the 1887 era, including the creation of the family and the world, the status of the characters, the organizations, and the changes in the administration, which included people in the heavy list in many forms.
The paper of Lord Liton was published in 1878 by the Indian light and the paper was published in the final chapter to establish the constitution on Lord Rippon.
Some organizations tried to oppose it in Europe and continued their journey.

The supreme form of the enemies, Swatantrata Sangram, has created a special direction in the entire country.
To avoid the conflict, the British adopted some rules. The British government declared the Varchaswam in 1888 and declared that the British were the citizens.
The British government has approved the progress of the British government. In the subsequent events, the new generation of Abhijat, who learned English, began to communicate with the British authorities.
This led to the establishment of the Indian National Assembly.

India National Congress

In the midst of the Ram Mohan Raai, people of India were ready to face new challenges in the heart of Madhyam work.
For this, many organizations were established in the country. Among them, the Hindu Mela, the East India Association, Pune Sarvajanik Sabha and the Indian Association Pramukh.
Vesi meet the gunjaish and ruchiyaan.
They were waiting for the same pattern of the national style at the right time.
The opportunity of Ayodhya was given by such a wise Indian organization. In 1885, a British official, A. O. Hume established the Indian National Congress.
that the country should be aware of the political awareness and nationality.

Despite the development of India, India's National Congress started discussing the issue of national devotion in India.
The result was the state of the Dalok Rajni and the problems of the Dalok Rajni.
The aim of the leaders of the Congress was to feel the increased power of the British and to start acting.
that he separated Hindus and Muslims from the religious system.
Despite this, the Indian National Congress was capable of preparing a comprehensive discussion on the issues related to the national Congress.

National Congress was introduced in India by the 19th century. The work was done as a model of recognition and recognition of the people who were accepted by them based on trust and trust.

The first step in the process was in 1885-1906.

The first 20 years of Congress are called the beginning of the first 20 years.
Among the Narmapantis, M.G. Ranaade, Surendranath Banerjee, Dadabhai Noroji and Gopal Krishn Gokhale were the main.
He trusted the British government and his resolve.
They had their own place in the government's front for unlawful and appeal-related acts.
Narampanthi taught people politics.
He spoke on the issues of the bat and the government's commitment to the development of the relevant issues, and forced the British government to focus on poverty in order to improve education in less military spending.

Gopal Krishn Gokhale
Dada Bhai Naoroji
