Freedom struggle

In this chapter we learn about the script.

  Indian National Congress
 •  Moderate, Extremist and Revolutionary
 •  Unrequited struggle, everyone's struggle, India's struggle
 •  Opposition of farmers and labourers
 •  Subhash  Chandra  Bose,  Dr.B.R.Ambedkar,  Jawaharlal  Nehru and Mohammad Ali Jinnah
 •  India's partition

Many examples of opposition were British rule in India.
Many kings fought against the British on their own.
After the first independence struggle, many changes and effective reforms in 1857 led to the establishment of institutions and communication, journalism, organizations and changes in administration, which saw people involved in large numbers in many countries.
Lord Lytton was brought to power by the Dharelu Kagas Niyantran Addhaniam. In 1878, to establish a justice system and to establish a law-drippin, the Ilbert Bill was brought.
Some organizations tried to oppose it and succeeded in Europe.

The result of the protests was a special direction in the entire country.
The British gave some rules to save themselves from the armed struggle. As a result, the British government declared the Varchasva as Queen in 1858 and declared that she was an Indian-British citizen.
This step was used by the British government to announce a better constitution for the Indians. In the events of the incident, the new generation of Abhijat, who learned English, began to struggle for their rights in a constitutional way.
This led to the establishment of Congress in India.

Indian National Congress

Since the time of King Ram Mohan Raya, the people of India were preparing to face new challenges in the mind of the middle class.
Many organizations were established across the country for this purpose. Among them, the Hindu Mela, the East India Association, Pune Civil Society and the Indian Association were the main ones.
They are limited in length and interest.
They were waiting for the same action on a national level at the right time.
The Indian Association took the opportunity to organize such an event. In 1885, a serviceable British officer, A O Hume, established the Indian National Congress.
It created political awareness and nationalism.

Despite the diversity in India, the Indian National Congress started a debate on the language and political issues that have been published locally to arouse patriotism in the Indians.
As a result, the people were aware of the political situation and its problems.
The increasing power of the English Congress was felt and started to act divide and rule
They separated Hindus and Muslims from their forceful destruction.
Despite this, the Indian National Congress was able to prepare a positive plan for the work related to national issues.

By the end of the 19th century, the National Congress was introduced into India. After being adopted by him on the basis of his work plan, belief and struggle, his identity was identified as a loaner and a landlord.

First step, Moderates 1885-1906

Traditionally, the first 20 years of Congress are called the middle ages.
Among the Narmapanthi, MG Ranade, Surendranath Banerjee, Dadabhai Nauroji and Gopal Krishn Gokhale were the main.
The moderate trusted the British administration and their independence.
They used to keep their place in the appeal and appeal of the government in the constitutional framework.
The moderate taught people about politics.
He discussed the problems of the sit-down and kept the various demands related to development in front of the government. The lack of military spending, the improvement in education, the forced government to study poverty in the country.

Gopalakrishna Gokhale
Dadabhai Naoroji
