Swatantratasandran

We learn about the information in this information.

dhartiya rashthyaya congress
Narampanti, Ugrvadi and Kranti Kari.
as a sariyog and dolan, Savinayavagya and dolan, Bharatchoro and dolan.
Kisan and Masduro's Virod.
Subhash Chandra Bose, Dobbi R. Ambedkar, Jawahar Lal Nehru and Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
Bharat's Vibhagen.

British Shastra was many of the victims of this disaster.
Many kings played the role of the British.
After the first visit of the Svatantrata kingdom, many changes and progress in the 1870s and the world of the world and the world of the world and the changes in the history of the world have been seen in many lives.
The Lard Litan Laya-Gharelu Aga's Neantran Adhiniyam was released in 1888 by India and Lard Ripan for the Neantran's to be released in a new area.
Some of the British have tried to save it in Europe and are suffering.

The entire country of the world has been a unique country of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world
The British had no intention of saving the British from the war. The British government had a British army of 1888 in the British army.
The British government has provided better information about the situation. In the last few decades, the new PD who has learned English and started to discuss the situation for his officials.
The Congress was not accepted by the Congress.

Bharatiya Rastriya Congress

The people of India were preparing to face the new challenges of the time of the king's reign.
Many of the countries were in danger. Among them, the Hindu Meela, the East India Association, Pune Sarvajanik Sabha and the Indian Association were promised.
Vesimit Thegunjaish and Ruchia
The state was taking a step towards the end of the war.
Aiyujan's head was like a real Indian. In 1585, a British English actor, A. O. Hume, was arrested for the Congress.
to create a state of politics and politics.

In India, the British Congress has started to develop a solution to the problems of the British nation in India.
The Parinamas were not given the right to give birth to the Dalogs and the problems of this.
English Congress's increasing government was to start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start the trade and start
...and the Hindus and Muslims were separated from the religion.
After this, the British and British British and British people were preparing to prepare for the attack of the British Congress.

In the last year, the National Congress came to present the importance of the Indian government. After the decision of the Indian government to go to the court, the government and the government were made to recognize their own values and values.

The first charity was made in 1855.

But on the contrary, the beginning of the 20th century of Congress has been called.
Among the Naram Panthis, the Emperor of the Amzeerana, the Emperor of the Surahendranath Banarji, Dada Bhai, Nauruji and Gopal Krishna Gokhale were the best.
Narampanthi British Prasasan was the one who trusted him and his identity.
He was the one who was the leader of the government's society and the government's administration.
The people of Narampantion were taught by Rajni.
They have been asked to take care of the government's social issues and the government's social issues. They have been asked to take care of the government's social issues.

Go Palakrishna Goklee
Dada Bhai Narodhi.
