THE FIRST WAR OF  
INDIAN INDEPENDENCE (1857)

We learn about the following in this chapter:

•  Causes for the First War of Independence
•  Immediate causes for the revolt
•  Spread of the revolt and its nature
•  Failure of the revolt and its effects

With  the  objective  of  expanding  their  rule  in  India,  the  British  had brought  into  force  the  Doctrine  of  Subsidiary  Alliance  and  Doctrine  of Lapse. 
Many  provinces  came  into  the  control  of  the  British  because  of these rules. 
As a result, Indians were upset. 
They were dissatisfied with the British administration too. 
This dissatisfaction surfaced as a major revolt in 1857. 
While some Indians called this ‘The First War of Independence’, British historians called it as ‘The Sepoy Mutiny’.    

Causes for the First War of Independence:

Political causes: Many kingdoms lost their  Do you know this: 
rights due to the promulgation of Doctrine of Lapse brought about by the British. 
Satara, Jaipur, Jhansi, Udaipur and other kingdoms came  under  British  control.  Dalhousie cancelled the princely titles of the Nawabs of Tanjore and Carnatic kingdoms. 
The Moghul sultans, the Nawab of Oudh and other kings were  stripped  of  their  kingly  status. 
Consequently,  lakhs  of  soldiers  who  were dependent on these kings, became unemployed. 
This became a strong cause for the protest of 1857 against the British.

D o c t r i n e   o f   L a p s e   : 
Doctrine  of  Lapse:  This policy  was  established by  Lord  Dalhousie  during British  rule. 
According to  this  policy,  an  Indian king could not transfer his kingdom  to  his  adopted children  in  the  absence  of natural  heirs.  
Thus,  his kingdom  came  naturally under British rule.

Economic  causes: Due to the industrial revolution in England, Indian handicrafts and cottage industries suffered heavily. 
England, instead of being a trading country, became a hub of industries. 
The Indian craftsmen became  unemployed.  
Primarily,  the  textile  and  wool  industries  became sick  and  people  lost  their  jobs.  
The  cottage  industries  too  suffered  a death  blow.  
The  British  imposed  a  heavy  tax  on  sale  of  Indian  goods in  England.  
Because  of  the  zamindari  system,  the  landlords,  acting  as commission agents between the Government and the farmers, exploited the farmers. 
The right given to the taluks to collect tax was withdrawn. 
An ‘Inam Commission’ was appointed and all the gifted lands (‘Inam lands’) were taken back. 
Due to this, the farmers felt insulted and experienced many financial problems. 
This too led to the revolt of farmers against the government.

Administrative  causes:  The  British  brought  into  force  new  civil  and criminal laws. 
These were applicable only to Indians. 
English became the language of the courts. 
Most of the time the British judges favoured the British. 
The new rules were not understood by the common people.