 First war
Indian independence, 1857

In this lesson, we will learn about these elements:

The reasons for the first independent struggle
The reasons for the riots
The spread of the riot and its nature
The results of the riot failure and effects

The British, in order to expand their control over India, launched the subsidiary Alliance and Doctrine of Lapse.
Many states have followed these rules under British rule.
Hence, the Indians became upset.
They were unhappy with the British administration too.
This dissatisfaction was brought to a big bang in 1857.
Some Indians call it the first independent movement. British historians call it "The Sepoy Mutiny".

The reasons for the first independence struggle

Political causes many states have lost their you know this?
The British lost the rights due to the doctrine of lapse.
Satara, Jaipura, Chhansi, Udaipura and other states came under British rule. Dalhousie, Tanjore and Karnataka states, which had rejected the proposals of the Nawabara Rajya government,
The first sultans, the first Nawab and the other kings were to take their throne.
As a result, the Lakshantara soldiers became unemployed in this kingdom.
This became a popular reason for protest against 1857 British.

D O C T R I N E O F L E P S E
Doctrine of lapse, this was the law of the land, at the time of Lord Dalhousie and his British rule.
As such, it is not possible for an Indian state to isolate itself. The children of the children of the state are the only responsible for the state's situation.
Thus, their kingdom came to be in British rule.

The economic reasons were the British colonial revolution and the loss of the Indian fortifications and temples.
England, the country became a trading hub for trade and became a centre of commerce.
Indian skilled workers became unemployed.
Initially, people were employed as labourers and labourers, but the unhealthy people lost their jobs.
The temple's facilities and the environment are harmful.
The British had a heavy hand in the trade of Indian goods in England.
Farmers are being exploited by the Commission agents between the Government and the farmers.
The struggle for the rights of the people is not going anywhere.
This Inam Commission was established and all the Inam lands were taken back.
This has led to many financial problems that have led to farmers being humiliated.
This was also a reason for the farmers' protest.

The reasons for the civil are the criminal laws that the British have introduced to the new society.
This was only understood by the Indians.
English is the language of judges.
Most of the time, British judges have been British.
New rules are not understood by the common man.